This is our outside
round and our eye of round together.
I know them as a gooseneck combined,
so we need to get it to a point
where we can feel comfortable
trussing it and making it into a roast
that is uniform.
However, we have a few muscles in here
that need to be removed
and can certainly go into trim
or any type of stew.
So the first one is
where we separated the back hawk.
So this is known as a heel muscle,
so I actually come in
and I'll just going to seam it out
so I can just pull it and make the fascia
as I come through.
And now I've got this.
That's a very tough, tough piece of meat
so cubed and used for stew.
Really good application for that.
And then we've got this kind
of almost loose muscle right here
where we separated the back leg
from the loin section here.
This would be actually be
part of the sirloin.
So I'm just going to come in
and I'm going to again, just seam that
muscle out like so again, good for stew,
good for trim.
So I've got the bones for pun, for the
the back leg roast of the eye of round
and the outside round,
but I still need to cosmetically
clean it up a little bit.
I've got a little bit of this
loose stuff in here.
This fat actually has a little bit
of white bone.
That's where the tail was, so I'm going to
come in and just remove that.
Like so
and then I've also got this loose fat
that is sits just kind of cradled
in between the eye fo round
and the outside round.
So I want to find where it's sitting in.
And also,
we've got a gland in here
that we want to remove, too, so.
And there also seems to be
a little bit of vein.
So all this fat is best to be removed.
Now we're pretty much ready to go.
I'll flip it over and see where
we're sitting.
Fat tends to be a little bit heavier
when we took off the ham from the loins,
so I'm just going to thin out this fat
a little bit here.
And again,
this is more considered the back fat.
So this is really good fat
that I can add back in the sausages or I
can render down.
Just remove a little bit of
heavy fat to get it to that state there.
This roast can now be trussed up
to keep it more uniform and dry roasted.
Turns out quite nice, actually.